README.md, before:

webapp
======

Initial Notes
-------------
This README contains preliminary, outline information for a web-based, personal acheivement system.

It features personal goal-setting, progress tracking, creating recommendations and discovering matches on social networks and a modular/ scalable architecture.

Languages
---------
CSS3, HTML4/5, JavaScript, JSON, Markdown, PHP5, Python, WSDL, SOAP, XML

Libraries, API's
----------------
AWS, Facebook, GD, jQuery, LinkedIn, MediaWiki, Twitter, YUI

Methods
-------
Agile development, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Test Driven Development, User-Experience-focus.

Schedule
--------

See Git Pages or project updates via Issue Tracking and Milestones.

Credits
-------

PHP and MySQL for Dynamic Web Sites, Fourth Edition, Larry Ullman, 2012. 
	* User registration system is adapted from Chapter 18.

Mining the Social Web: Analyzing Data from Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn And Other Social Media Sites, O'Reilly, 2011, Matthew A. Russell
	* Learning about CouchDB, Dojo, FQL, NLP, NLTK, XFN, etc.

High Performance Web Sites: Essential Knowledge for Frontend Engineers, O'Reilly, Steve Souders, 2007
	* The 14 Techniques for Ajax, CSS, Javascript, and images are duly implemented in this app.

Developing Large Web Applications, O'Reilly/ Yahoo Press, Kyle Loudon
	* Modular CSS adapted from Chapter 4

Commit message:

Rename repo from webapp to goals-journaling. Update README.

README.md, after:

goals-journaling
======

Preliminary Notes
-------------
This README contains high-level, initial, outline information for a web-based, personal acheivement system.

It features personal goal-setting, personal behavior journaling, creating recommendations and discovering matches on social networks and a modular/ scalable architecture.

Languages
---------
CSS3, HTML4/5, JavaScript, JSON, Markdown, PHP5, Python, WSDL, SOAP, XML

Libraries, API's
----------------
AWS, Facebook, GD, jQuery, LinkedIn, MediaWiki, Twitter Bootstrap, YUI

Methods
-------
Agile development, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Test Driven Development, User-Experience-focus.

Schedule
--------

See Git Pages or project updates via Issue Tracking and Milestones.

Credits
-------

PHP and MySQL for Dynamic Web Sites, Fourth Edition, Larry Ullman, 2012. 
	* User registration system is adapted from Chapter 18.

Mining the Social Web: Analyzing Data from Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn And Other Social Media Sites, O'Reilly, 2011, Matthew A. Russell
	* Learning about CouchDB, Dojo, FQL, NLP, NLTK, XFN, etc.

High Performance Web Sites: Essential Knowledge for Frontend Engineers, O'Reilly, Steve Souders, 2007
	* The 14 Techniques for Ajax, CSS, Javascript, and images are duly implemented in this app.

Developing Large Web Applications, O'Reilly/ Yahoo Press, Kyle Loudon
	* Modular CSS adapted from Chapter 4
